[Music]
this is bear son it was the home of your
grandparents and their grandparents
before then but out there beyond the age
of the water-wise the home of the
Dragons
and I believe that your destiny to one
day find this hidden world
you do know my leg isn't a chew toy
don't you is this what you want yeah
okay
how am I supposed to get down hey buddy
wait up
he's not the only one
[Music]
another Night Fury weeks it's more like
a right I'm Night Fury
yeah hi yours is better probably there
is an armada with enough cages for all
of our dragon vein
this is a new kind of enemy we need to
find the hidden world I will destroy
everything you realize
it'll nothing without your grandma
if primo succeeds there won't be any
dragons left and it's up to us to put an
end to it so what are you gonna do about
it
suit up gang we have one shot a thing
you brought a baby to a battle I
couldn't find a sitter
the head of morals really touches the
key right but inside
well what colors not a word I'm very
honored to be named Kiko a citizen of
the year I'm just a guy who keeps strip
of civilization I wanted when you drive
the same Road day after day is easy to
think about the road not taken
I was lucky I picked a good road early
and I stayed on mister cocksman what can
I do for you it's about your son
died of a heroin overdose we didn't know
our hands Kyle wasn't a druggie sorry
but all the parents say that you're
gonna have to say a few words
Kyle's dead tell me what happened you
got mixed up with some drug dealer Mikey
you like certain people what is with all
these nicknames speedo
Viking Eskimo it's a gangster thing did
you have a nickname wingman wait man
can I kill him no guys one guy could
disappear too who wants me dead
three of Vikings drug dealers who
disappeared what makes you think you can
kill them at another crime novel
what are you doing
[Music]
good job
this doesn't happen in kyo it just did
[Music]
Nell's cocksman citizen to the year good
for him
[Music]
the survival for the skies is at stake
there can be no peace the people are
desperate for justice
[Music]
[Applause]
there are some of us who believe we can
take our country back
if we can unify and rise up behind on a
leader
perhaps you
you are my family I cannot do this
without you how it's making decisions
whatever course you are charting I
choose you my husband Robert the Bruce
to be declared an outlaw joy
is it true
you're the King of Scots go tell all
your friends were going to our country
back
we have 50 men to fight the strongest
are in there we're dealing with outlaws
man that K will hang him for treason
if I die tomorrow let's be really die
tomorrow do whatever you must do you
understand
I wear this crown as a symbol of my duty
to serve the Scottish people
I am King of Scots
north of the land with other people
we could fight for God but country
family
you know care
so long as you
[Music]
[Applause]
have you been feeling have you been
sleeping any better Oh rough then you
can I never said well before hoes
condition condition that's cool
pregnancy it's okay to say have loud
[Music]
some things happen you need to please
dry did you see some bad
[Applause]
what's going on people described seen an
entity that takes on the form of your
worst fears
you can't stay here every contact we
have had with the outside has brought us
death here kids
they deserve hope every single decision
I have made has been for them
[Music]
listen to me
we're going on the trip now it's going
to be rough
if you hear something in the woods you
tell me
you hear something in the water you tell
me
under no circumstance are you allowed to
take off your blindfold
little box on the hillside little boxes
made of ticky tacky little boxes on the
side and they all look just the same you
want to control your life but life isn't
a science experiment you can't contain
your world forever try doing one thing
that scares you over break okay yeah
this serves as an entry voucher for
meanness escape rooms the first escape
room yet
and win a million dollars so uh when
does the game start I think this is the
escape room we should look for clues
what are we looking for here anything
that looks like a puzzle or code it
looks like an oven dial
well that's creepy as hell is it getting
hotter how do we get out of here it's
burning for 15 more
talk about immersive what's wrong with
you that was real Wow dumb question are
we outside sooner get this figured out
soon we get the hell out of here
they're watching us they know everyone's
awake everything about us this is my
hospital bed me too they made these
rooms for us
I never seen things that weren't there
before
that's why they chose us and they all
[Music]
watch the silver eye on top of the are
just watch every time it swings let's
pretend we're unraveling a piece of
string
little by little let's pretend that
piece of string is time unraveling
minute by minute second by second going
backwards time slipping away everything
around you this house my voice your
mother all these things are getting
further away we're going back through
your life back to when you started
school when you first learn to walk when
you were just a baby
back to the day you were born
back to the time before this body I'm no
longer speaking to miles I'm speaking to
the person who has taken residence
inside his body
he came uninvited tell me if you can
hear my voice
my ass
miles what's wrong mommy I'm scared
come here baby
[Music]
everyone is a style fairy what are you
afraid of you can't get anywhere
pretending to be someone you're not and
you regret it no one will play queen
what I know is fancy dress for it
you look like an angry lizard she's got
to make an impression darling so tell me
what makes Queen any different from all
of the other want to be rock stars I
mean tell you what it is
mystery
but we're for misfits who don't belong
together we're praying for other misfits
you're the outcast right in the back of
the room
pretty sure they don't belong either we
belong to them so now the family names
not good enough for you changed it
legally no looking back we want to do
something different it's my money I say
what goes we can't simply repeat
ourselves no we can do better
[Music]
Freddie could you tell us about the
rumors concerning your sexuality
Queen how long can that last
you don't make decisions for the bank
your life is going to be very difficult
and me
we believe in each other
and to everything
we are going to do great things
it's an experience love tragedy joy
something that people would feel belongs
to them
[Music]
so from the public's perspective this
has been a emotional few years for you
can you tell us what audiences can
expect from the new album this is a
culmination of my life's work so far I
was under a lot of stress after my
accident but that's what the show is
about it's about rebirth
[Music]
[Applause]
don't tell me how many are you
to sleep at night
for years
but I was
Celeste come on everybody's downstairs
it's a weird world we live in and the
way I've chosen to live my life please
don't follow me goes against some
people's views on things
do you want to get a quick picture with
you mom I'm worried about you
you're worried about me matter is that
you have an angle scared
keep it simple
[Music]
you wanted a show I gave him a show MARY
POPPINS who came back I've come to look
after the banks children ah yes you too
but we don't need a nanny we have grown
up a good deal in the past year we would
have to see what can be done about that
no not yet
some people like to splash and play can
you imagine that did she do that
one thing you should know about Mary
Poppins she never explains anything
we've learnt
done some stuff and nonsense Corie fun
[Music]
everything is possible
it'll be impossible sure this is quite
safe comes in slightest ready
Disney's Mary Poppins Returns rated PG
[Music]
[Applause]
roaches in your nothing who is this
[Music]
Chaitanya minimal mining here goes she's
never even seen him we're pretty sure
that the guy who talked to isn't real I
saw bridesmaids I will take a [ __ ] in
his dress please don't do this best way
to get over a man is to get up under a
new watch and learn there's a bow on the
back thank you son time is up there
[Music]
Frank has been trying to take you out
for like three years go out with him you
are dressing me with your eyes my
nipples are getting out me everything
you see circumcised excuse me we got
that
Mama's Anika put me out this connection
is so really hello what mama you know
I'm sorry what we met on a cell phone
like I can't hear you baby I can't I've
never known a guy more talented at
untangling politics so that anyone can
understand it
yeah heart is being bold and inventive
ideas into American politics it is a
gift and he wants to share that with
people
harvesting groundbreaking reforms on
education and foreign policy I want you
to think about the opportunity that we
have right now with the ideas and vision
to take America into the 21st century
and the cost to this great country if we
squander it
[Music]
today talk to you about America's future
ideas have power just ideas of what this
election is all about balance the heart
beating bush baseball like 12 Gary Hart
is considered the man to beat
senator ask your question
do you feel like you have a traditional
marriage there is no privacy the cameras
go everywhere the one thing that I ever
asked was don't embarrass me
Center this text what that woman can't
be serious there's no need for that
don't you think you owe it to us to be
for us oh you you're running for
president I'm aware that Thomas in the
paper you have a responsibility
- Ponce abilities are judo yours there
are stories being written right now
there is no story
women izing lies just because some other
paper used das the first front page news
and abettors i mean we have he says now
this campaign is about the future not
rumors not sleaze
care about the sanctity of this process
whether you do or do not in a matter of
days hearts campaign has collapsed we're
talking about how you get through today
without pissing the way everything we've
all worked for on this campaign
you use this we can kiss the White House
goodbye
[Music]